README.md, before:


## FAQ English

#### What will the application be used for?

IIdentify and designate information related to beekeeping in order to act accordingly.

#### Who is this application/website intended for?

Anyone can use this app.
You don't necessarily need to have a beehive.
Those who want to preserve nature.

#### When will the application be available?

The application is currently under development.
Announcements will be published for the testing phases.

#### In which languages will the application be available?

English and French initially.


## FAQ French

#### À quoi servira l'application ?

Identifier et désigner des informations en rapport avec l'apiculture afin d'agir en conséquence.

#### À qui s'adresse cette application/ce site web ?

Tout le monde peut utiliser cette application.
Il n'est pas nécessaire de posséder une ruche.
Elle s'adresse à tous ceux qui souhaitent préserver la nature.

#### Quand l'application sera-t-elle disponible ?

L'application est actuellement en cours de développement.
Des annonces seront publiées pour les phases de test.

#### Dans quelles langues l'application sera-t-elle disponible ?

En anglais et en français dans un premier temps.

Commit message:

Update README with application name and purpose
Add application name and description to README

README.md, after:


# (Application Bee Map)

The Bee Map app is a web and mobile application.
To report useful information about beekeeping


## FAQ English

#### What will the application be used for?

IIdentify and designate information related to beekeeping in order to act accordingly.

#### Who is this application/website intended for?

Anyone can use this app.
You don't necessarily need to have a beehive.
Those who want to preserve nature.

#### When will the application be available?

The application is currently under development.
Announcements will be published for the testing phases.

#### In which languages will the application be available?

English and French initially.


## FAQ French

#### À quoi servira l'application ?

Identifier et désigner des informations en rapport avec l'apiculture afin d'agir en conséquence.

#### À qui s'adresse cette application/ce site web ?

Tout le monde peut utiliser cette application.
Il n'est pas nécessaire de posséder une ruche.
Elle s'adresse à tous ceux qui souhaitent préserver la nature.

#### Quand l'application sera-t-elle disponible ?

L'application est actuellement en cours de développement.
Des annonces seront publiées pour les phases de test.

#### Dans quelles langues l'application sera-t-elle disponible ?

En anglais et en français dans un premier temps.
